---
title: "My 2022"
date: 2022-01-04
description: "My Goals for 2022"
categories:
  - "Blog"
tags: 
    - "Blog"
#math: false
lead: "My Goals for 2022"
comments: true
mathjax: false
toc: false
authorbox: true
sidebar: "right"
menu: main
---
So as I’m writing this today, its 4th of Jan 2022.  

2021 has been a eventful year for me and everyone else around the world.

We are in second year of Covid, a bad year at that, but somehow we’ve survived and come through.

Personally, 2021 was good for me as I got to spend more time with family, likewise be with my friends in Bangalore.

As I turned 30 this year,it kinda made be realize how far I am from my goals. 

One major pain-point was my financial situation. I made a decision take out a loan for personal reaons a few years back. And in that few years I had not really put a dent on the principal. 

I came to a major realization after reading ‘Psychology of Money`([link](https://www.amazon.in/Psychology-Money-Morgan-Housel/dp/9390166268/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?adgrpid=58360763029&ext_vrnc=hi&gclid=Cj0KCQiA_c-OBhDFARIsAIFg3ez0YUv81ZBebp_bXwGSpnYwz7YIcACCP-V3tYHxlfPgKzh4gp6vR_8aAr2IEALw_wcB&hvadid=294140223746&hvdev=c&hvlocphy=1007772&hvnetw=g&hvqmt=e&hvrand=1484304132590792612&hvtargid=kwd-299528520470&hydadcr=23635_1725031&keywords=psychology+of+money&qid=1641351812&sr=8-1-spons&psc=1&spLa=ZW5jcnlwdGVkUXVhbGlmaWVyPUE2RlhFSUhCUk43VkImZW5jcnlwdGVkSWQ9QTA2MzI2ODIzREFQQkNRRkdLSEVaJmVuY3J5cHRlZEFkSWQ9QTAxNDUxNTgzQjgySzVVM1k5VVdIJndpZGdldE5hbWU9c3BfYXRmJmFjdGlvbj1jbGlja1JlZGlyZWN0JmRvTm90TG9nQ2xpY2s9dHJ1ZQ==)). This book made me realize making money is also about saving and investing , not just trying to get promoted or working for big companies and drawing a high salary.

I remember when read this book in October how naive I was about money. I realized if anyone asked me where my money went and why I was broke at the end of month I could not answer.

So just before my bithday, i decided to fix this, so i built a template in Notion([link](https://chiragsp.dev/post/personal-finance/)) and diligently started tracking my expenses. Setup auto monthly saving systems, and vowed to budget at the start of every month. And I am happy to report I'm happily budgeting away ever since.

Now coming to the professional side of my life. I work as a Software Engineer at a large Product Company focusing on enterprise software.

In the past year, specifically during the end of 2020, my resonsibilities has increased as I was asked lead a team. This was a new opputunity and I had jumped on the offer..

This was difficult to manage initially but slowly but surely I was able to cope. I'm grateful to my collegues and company for having got this oppurtunity. Even though it was tough, I learnt a lot, especially, about Front-end development and also about people, how to manage team’s and manager’s expectation. 

Even this was what I had wanted , it did leave me a burned out. 

So now coming to 2022, I know I've always loved to create new things, that’s why I jump upon opportunities to build products in the first place, in languages which I have no clue about. 

 Recently, I came across a blog `tinyprojects.com`([link](https://tinyprojects.dev/)), and this got me completely inspired to start creating tiny projects myself and start selling. So this is what I’ve decided to do in 2022,

> Build and Deploy 12 tiny projects in 2022
> 

My main conditions for this project are,

1. Build 1 product every month
2. Release it to the public for users to try 
3. Add monetization feature for each app
4. Use Twitter, Reditt and Product Hunt to market the products

So with this in mind, I’ve started building my first tiny project(more on this later). 
Hopefully, I have something to show at the end of the month.

So summarize, my main goal for 2022 is just building products and letting people use it. I might not make any money, might end up losing some, but at least I’ll learn and gain valuable feedback.
